What four sticks in a row?
What are the disciples along the way doing?
As for Xiao Zong
The strength is comparable to my Tianfeng Sword Sect
This Wuji actually pushed a family alone
But the strength of the poor at the beginning was far beyond me
It's so scary. It's so scary.
Mr. Ouyang
You Hidden Blue Gate are really lucky
To be able to receive such a monstrous disciple
Hahahaha
Did you see it?
This is my disciple of Ouyang Xuanji
One person destroys
Kula has defeated your Yunxiao Sect
All the inner disciples
Junior Brother Ye is really good
I knew you were going to win something.
There is one last level
Of the seven direct disciples of my Yunxiao Sect
Tiangang Big Dipper Seven Star Sword Array
Even if you Eight Pin Sect eat it
It's not that easy to come out
No Sect Master Ye Wuji
Ye Wuji is a waste
What's the hurry?
Did Wuji lose in the last level that night?
Biography of the Seven Flavors Flute
Against Ye Wuji with Tiangang Big Dipper Seven Star Sword Array
He was broken by Yue Wuji's punch
All seven enemy ships were seriously injured and defeated
That's not possible.
That's not going to happen.